Highborn speech for VegaStrike 
by Don "Turbo" Willadsen
----------------------

Fear not, friend, I keep this area safe today!

Yes? Was there something you wanted? I don't do handouts.

As I swear it so shall you die this day!

Make room for your betters, friends. Room for your betters.

Ah, isn't war glorious? The front is where I belong.

You seem like a good chap - drop my name at Avalon, and they'll let you park further from the servants.

Have you no honor, or merely no sense!

Oh, bother. What a chore to be in a cockpit that can't fit my entire entourage.

There are worse about than you, I suppose.

Yes, yes, I know you're impressed. Move along, no time for admirers and all that.

I shall strike you down!

Pathetic peasant filth! You're barely worth fighting!

Die in your own filth, knave!

What kind of idiot do you think I am, a SuSim, or something!?

If you weren't a coward you'd have dueled me like a real warrior!

Kneel in submission!

Oh, just die, so I can be rid of your disgusting presence!

Perhaps you mistake me for a servant!

To me, practice and sport. To you, death!

Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.

You are not in the docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.

Docking operation begun; press 0 to step into our starship.

You are not authorized to land here!

Clearance code acknowledged; move into landing pattern and dock at the white indicators.

Unable to comply.

Acknowledged.

Maintain speed and course for contraband search!

No contraband detected, you may proceed.

Contraband detected, target offender and fire at will!

Your course is deviating. Maintain course!

Request Clearance To Land.

It appears my staff will have to add another kill-marker!

One less prattling peon.

Quit snivelling and expire, you pathetic lump of insolent feces!

Lord of righteousness, why have you forsaken me!

My noble steed has faltered, and I with it am [garbled]

It appears we have something in common, privateer.  My name may be on your list, but now your name is on mine.