Freedom demands eternal vigilance - seen any dissident neigbors?

Nothing to see here citizen, move along.

Feel the long arm of the law, felon!

Nothing but happy, productive citizens here.

Tell me immediately if you think you see any evil-doers.

Wrong-thinkers are everywhere, keep a lookout, friend.

If your aim does not improve, I must question your aims.

Stay within the lanes. The lanes are your friends.

Background check is negative, proceed freely.

Homeland Security to regional base, terrorist revealed, requesting backup.

You're not getting away on my watch!

Those who break the law shall be broken by the Law.

Save it for the tribunal.

Your continued resistance does not help you. Stand down or face destruction.

The hammer of justice smites you!

All things come to dust...

You will tarnish our homeland no longer!

Hailing enemy of the state, can you squeal like a pig?

Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.

You are not in the docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.

Docking operation begun; press 0 to step into our starship.

You are not authorized to land here!

Clearance code acknowledged; move into landing pattern and dock at the white indicators.

Unable to comply.

Acknowledged.

Prepare to be searched, maintain speed and course!

No contraband detected you may proceed.

Contraband detected all units close and terminate!

Filthy little brilliance runner; you're busted!

Your course is deviating. Maintain course!

Request Clearance To Land.

Target neutralized, send out a cleanup crew.

Target tagged, prep an interrogation squad.

Give up your fight, there's no need to die just yet.

Continuing to resist arrest will only make this worse.

You may kill me now, but the Law shall prevail!

I cannot pursue much longer, get that backup here before the criminal escapes!

Keep an eye out for the enemy - he has agents everywhere.

It appears we have something in common, privateer. My name may be on your list, but now your name is on mine.