
You here for some hunting? There's plenty enough to share today.

Don't try to scoop me, and I won't be any trouble to you.

I've seen your name before, it was PAYDAY!

Keep an eye out - repairs are expensive these days.

It's getting harder to make a killing making a killing these days.

Hey there, seen anybody I should know about?

Woah! Watch it wiseass! You sure you have a license for that thing?!

I'm making a list, of those who won't be missed, and - Oh crud, the mike was on!

Be vewwy, vewwy quiet, I'm hunting Aewwa.

So, hunt here often?.

When you screw up, you screw up big. You're dead kid.

Bad move kid, I kill for a living.

When I get my new reactor, I'll name it after you!

I've got all the cards, buddy, that bluff won't hold.

Hey, don't make me decide to kill you slowly!

Don't know what you really did, but someone's pissed enough to pay.

I need the credits more than I need your goodwill.

Sorry, but I'm more familiar with my bills than you.

So, before I kill you, any next of kin I should know about?

Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.

You are not in docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.

Docking Operation begun; press 0 to step into airlock.

Docking denied. Do not land here!

Docking agreement reached: move to docking port in green indicators.

Bug off buddy, I don't work for free.

Roger, willco - nothing better to do today.

My mission is to search you; hold still.

Nothing is interesting in your hold.

What have we here? An unexpected donation?

If it's too hot for me, I doubt you should be here either!

Request Clearance To Land.

It's a pity there's not enough left of that to mount.

I'm thinking closed casket...

Nothing personal, but I've got rent to pay.

Like Achilles, the choice at least was mine.

At least death will void my debts...

It appears we have something in common, privateer.  My name may be on your list, but now your name is on mine.