LIHW and LIHW Citizen voice by Paolo "CLoneWolf" D'Emilio for VegaStrike Game

------------------

Good day for deep-fried algae. Just like every other day.
Whatever. No concern of mine.
Burn and die!
I'd honk, but it's space and all that.
Ayup. Yes indeedy. Yuup. Nothing. Lots and lots of nothing.
Saw a truck in a museum on old Earth once. Glad I'm not flying one of those!
What in the 42 hells do you think you're doing, fellow?
Always the ag planet route, never the pleasure planet stay.
Dustups happen. Just don't get all predictive about resolutions.
True that, friend, true that!
I worked my ass off for this ship! Now I'm gonna have to work yours over!
What are you? Some kind of father-raping PRE-vert?
You're dancing right into your grave!
What, you think I'm some monkey-loving Dgn or something? I know chicken-hockey when I hear it!
I'm going to rip you a new one they can fly a Clydesdale through!
Lookie, lookie, one dead cookie!
Oh, just shut up and die!
No way silver-tongue. You might as well be selling land on Jupiter.
[plays 'Dueling Banjos']
Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.
You are not in docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.
Docking operation begun; press 0 to step into our starship.
You are not authorized to land here!
Clearance code acknowledged; move into landing pattern and dock at the white indicators.
Unable to comply.
Acknowledged.
Maintain speed and course for contraband search!
No contraband detected, you may proceed.
Contraband detected, target offender and fire at will!
Your course is deviating. Maintain course!
Request Clearance To Land.
My complements to the Mistress!
And stay dead!
You dead yet?
It's all gone sideways, Momma!
Son of a [garbled]

------------------

Audacity post-production effects:

- noise removal and click removal
- low pass filter for 15K Hz, other values default
- high pass filter for 1000 Hz, others default
- leveller (heaviest setting)
- click removal
- low pass filter for 15K Hz, other values default
- high pass filter for 1000 Hz, others default
- leveller (heaviest setting)
- click removal
- stereo split, export merged channels as mono.
