Merchant voice by Paolo "CLoneWolf" D'Emilio for VegaStrike Game

------------------

Profits are up - how are your shares doing?
You haul sixteen tons, and what do you get...
I've come to the opinion that you're bad for business.
I've flown a ship like yours - they ever fix the soundproofing on the head?.
Glad to see you - friendly faces keep disappearing these days, what with the war.
Business treating you well?
Friendly fire! Friendly fire! What in profit's name is going on out there!
Whatever. I get paid to haul, not chit-chat.
Laissez faire, bud - let's just go our separate ways.
But I have this contract to keep and miles to go before I sleep.
Do you know what this is going to do to my insurance rates!?!
I don't think you're very good at this whole piracy thing, are you?
Your'e a crazy bugger - the Guild has a LONG memory.
Words are cheap, my cargo isn't!
I'm aiming for more than a pound of YOUR flesh!
Bet you weren't counting on someone who could fight back, were you!
What a waste of credits.
Speak with your wallet, or don't speak at all!
Quit hassling me, I feed your planets.
Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.
You are not in docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.
Docking Operation begun; press 0 to step into airlock.
Docking denied. Do not land here!
Docking agreement reached: move to docking port in green indicators.
Unable to comply, privateer.
Affirmative, merchant moving into position.
My mission is to search you; hold still.
Nothing is interesting in your hold.
Well, hello precious, I think you have something that might be better off mine!
Your course is deviating. Maintain course!"
Request Clearance To Land.
And I aint gonna sell you a new one, neither.
I'd be scared, but that was incompetent.
Maybe your scraps will pay for repairs.
Guess all those games were good for something.
For the love of - this run just keeps getting worse.
The Guild is gonna slap a contract on your ass so fast, you won't be able to sit again!

------------------

Audacity post-production effects:

- noise removal and click removal
- low pass filter for 15K Hz, other values default
- high pass filter for 1000 Hz, others default
- leveller (heaviest setting)
- click removal
- Low Pass Filter (One Pole) (parameter 9000Hz)
- equalization (amradio curve)
- click removal
- stereo split, export merged channels as mono.

The Low Pass Filter (One Pole) plugin is part of the Computer Music Toolkit, packaged under the name "cmt" in Debian)
