Aera translated speech
by Don "Turbo" Willadsen for the VegaStrike Project
---------------------

Go on. I know those who do not threaten me.



Leave now, my attention is elsewhere.



Die forgotten!



Another silly monkey, making monkey sounds.



Prattle on, I humor you for now.


Those who cannot tell friend from foe, have only foes!



Do not tempt my trigger thumb, foolish one.



Fly on, but keep going.



Perhaps there is hope for your species, or at least you.



I can hold no longer. You must be rent asunder.



Your death will serve our Ascendancy.



Your suicidal path is a disease of your entire species!



I know your nature now, cease your useless lies!



The time for plaintive lies is over. Die well, if you can manage even that.



You shall be as trampled vines beneath my feet!



You lie, foul and pitiful thing! Only death awaits you now.



Your death is another boon for all Aera.



Wretch! You are not worth the time it takes to shred you.



Docking operation complete. You are free of the docking clamps.



You are not in the docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.



Docking operation begun; press 0 to step into our starship.



You are not authorized to land here!



We allow you to dock this time, ape. Bring your weapons to show us your skill.



Unable to comply.



Acknowledged.



We scan you for illegal military items!



No contraband detected, you may proceed.



Contraband detected, target offender and fire at will!



Your course is deviating. Maintain course!



Request Clearance To Land.



The lesser being is always vanquished.



For this, I shall be remembered!



You should have been a diplomat, you have a liar's tongue!



I regret only the expense of my ammunition.



My blood still beats, your forest may yet burn!



A superior display, may we both be remembered...


----------------
Editor's notes:  The translator voice is MS Narrator set to:
  Voice: MS Michael
  Pitch: 4
  Tempo: 5
When recording is complete, separate each line into a file for editing, normalize to full volume, i.e. amplify quieter parts for give a consistent product.

The aera speech is based on humpback whale songs, modified as follows:
  tempo 350%
  pitch -1 octave
Rearrange the resulting sounds to suit.  Generally I used tones to represent positive feelings, growls for negative feelings, and grunts as modifiers.  Change individual parts to add variety:  change pitch in one or two spots, reverse a few parts, and add silence.  

Finally, assemble the two together, and deamplify the aera speech to about 25% of the volume of the translator voice.  Do any final edits to the alien speech. For silent portions of the translator speech, put a particularly interesting part of the alien speech there.  If the translator is difficult to understand for a particular word, let the alien speech be silent at that time. 
  
If you can play the result with your eyes closed and understand the translator, while being aware of the alien voice behind it, you are done with that line.