Andolian and Andolian Citizen voice by Paolo "CLoneWolf" D'Emilio for VegaStrike Game

------------------

We are pleased to see an agent of progress in good health.
We are hurried. Pleasantries must wait.
We regret that progress demands your extermination.
Stay clear. Engine wash heavy.
All functions well today.
You have potential. Have you ever considered joining us?
Cease inefficient hostile behavior, or be forcibly corrected.
We have parsecs to go before we sleep. Do not delay us.
This system is insufficiently safe. Alert us if you detect hostiles.
You are welcome in this area of space, so long as you do not interfere with our duties.
You have proven yourself hostile. Please make any necessary arrangements for your imminent termination.
We know you now for what you are, and WE NEVER FORGET!
Die quickly, I'm conserving ammo for real targets!
Save your appeals for your deity of choice.
Your continued provocations do not serve you.
The death of one may better the many.
The time for discussion has passed. We recommend ejecting so that we may kill you with less effort.
We do not approve of your chosen means of suicide. It is inefficient to take your ship with you.
Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.
You are not in docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.
Docking operation begun; press 0 to step into our starship.
You are not authorized to land here!
Clearance code acknowledged; move into landing pattern and dock at the white indicators.
Unable to comply.
Acknowledged.
Maintain speed and course for contraband search!
No contraband detected, you may proceed.
Contraband detected, target offender and fire at will!
Your course is deviating. Maintain course!
Request Clearance To Land.
Another resource drain has been removed.
One fewer are the sabots in our gears.
You are beaten, you now only waste our time.
All I was will be remembered. Will you?
One may die, but we will perservere.

------------------

Audacity post-production effects:

- noise removal and click removal
- low pass filter for 15K Hz, other values default
- high pass filter for 1000 Hz, others default
- leveller (heaviest setting)
- phaser (20 phases, dry/wet halfway, LFO Freq 2Hz, LFO Phase 100, Depth 100,
feedback 40)
- stereo split, export merged channels as mono.
