Mechanist and Mechanist Citizen voice by Paolo "CLoneWolf" D'Emilio for VegaStrike Game

------------------

Running like clockwork.
Keep clear, I don't brake for flesh puddles.
Suck vaccum and die within your boiling prison of flesh!
Keep your distance, real pilot coming through!
My body was built to fly on days like this.
You ever consider getting upgrades? You should.
If you didn't have a trigger finger, it wouldn't misfire like that, now would it.
Better a dull day than a deadly one.
This system's not safe for fragile, little flesh puddles. Leave the real work for the real spacers.
Tick, tock. Move along!
There's no use running. I don't get tired.
Even for a flesh puddle, you're disgusting!
Die, you quivering mass of proteins!
Just because my brain is still carbon, you think you can fool me so easily?
I'm going to retrofit you in unspeakable ways!
Surrender now and maybe I can save enough of you for a trial!
Die quickly, I'm late for an oil change.
I'd rather forgive flesh for being fallible.
You sure picked an expensive way to kill yourself!
Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.
You are not in docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.
Docking operation begun; press 0 to step into our starship.
You are not authorized to land here!
Clearance code acknowledged; move into landing pattern and dock at the white indicators.
Unable to comply.
Acknowledged.
Maintain speed and course for contraband search!
No contraband detected, you may proceed.
Contraband detected, target offender and fire at will!
Your course is deviating. Maintain course!
Request Clearance To Land.
It goes the way of all flesh!
One less fragile fool.
It's over. It ends now, as all flesh must.
Mayday, attempting to eject, will go dormant awaiting pickup.
I can't feel the ship! I can't feel my ship!

------------------

Audacity post-production effects:

- noise removal and click removal
- low pass filter for 15K Hz, other values default
- high pass filter for 1000 Hz, others default
- leveller (heaviest setting)
- click removal
- pitch down 2 semitones
- C* ChorusI mono chorus/flanger (parameters 11,875 1 1.25 1 0.25 0.725)
- click removal
- tempo increase 30% (25% for the faster talking recorded lines)
- stereo split, export only one channel as mono.

The C* ChorusI mono chorus/flanger plugin is part of the C* Audio Plugin Suite, packaged under the name "caps" in Debian)
