Merchant Guild Citizen voice by Lisa Willadsen for VegaStrike Game
------------------

Hey friend! Haul anything interesting lately?

If you're hauling for a living, you should join the Guild. Did wonders for my life.

I've come to the opinion that you're bad for business.

I had to sell my farm for a downpayment on this ship. No regrets though. None at all.

I'm sure glad I'm working the civilian side of things. Supplying the military is dangerous work with a war on!

Hey friend, if you're headed where I'm headed, we can convoy - unofficially, of course.

Friendly fire! Friendly fire! What in profit's name is going on out there!

Sorry if I'm not too chatty - I've been hauling freight straight through the local night-shift.

Laissez faire, bud - let's just go our separate ways.

The lifeblood of the economy is flowing smoothly today - you, me and every hard working fellow in the merchant fleets!

Do you know what this is going to do to my insurance rates!?!

I don't think you're very good at this whole piracy thing, are you?

You're a crazy bugger - the Guild has a LONG memory.

Words are cheap, my cargo isn't!

I'm aiming for more than a pound of YOUR flesh!

Bet you weren't counting on someone who could fight back, were you!

What a waste of credits.

Speak with your wallet, or don't speak at all!

Quit hassling me, I feed your planets.

Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.

You are not in the docking clamps. Move into one of the green guide boxes and try to dock again.

Docking Operation begun; press 0 to step into airlock.

Docking denied. Do not land here!

Docking agreement reached: move to docking port in green indicators.

Unable to comply, privateer.

Affirmative, merchant moving into position.

My mission is to search you; hold still.

Nothing is interesting in your hold.

Well, hello precious, I think you have something that might be better off mine!

Your course is deviating. Maintain course!

Request Clearance To Land.

And I ain't gonna sell you a new one, neither.

I'd be scared, but that was incompetent.

Maybe your scraps will pay for repairs.

Guess all those games were good for something.

For the love of - this run just keeps getting worse.

The Guild is gonna slap a contract on your ass so fast, you won't be able to sit again!"