Militia speech for VegaStrike by Lisa Willadsen
-------------------------------------------------

All systems are functional.

It's always good to meet a respectable person such as yourself.

I will kill you and all of your pirate friends.

Good day, citizen.

How's business?

Good to see you again, citizen.

It's good to see a law abiding citizen.

It's been a long time--I'm glad to hear from you again.

Check where you're flying, citizen.

Killing no-good criminals like you is a waste of my skills.

Your death will help make this system a better place to live.

Communications link is open.

I don't associate with criminals.

Where did you get that artifact? You wont last for a second against pirates in it.

Where did you get that ship? It doesn't look powerful enough to survive for long in these parts.

Your life is worth less than the clothing you wear.

Criminal scum!

Cease your fire! I am not your enemy!

That does it, prepare for death!

What do we have here? Is it a smuggler flown off normal space lanes?

If you kill me, every police force in the sector will be after your hide!

I will enjoy watching your death sentence carried out!

You're looking at a long time in prison, bub.

How are you today, citizen?

You will regret that, you Pirate!

I cant wait for your trial!

After I bust a murderer like you, I'll make captain!

Good Luck, citizen.

The crime rate has been fluctuating, but everything seems to be in order at the moment.

Crime in this system is twenty points lower than the galactic average.

Crime is down and now I have more free time then I know what to do with!

Are you trying to get police business out of me?

It's the scum like you that make my life hell.

Good, I'm busting criminals left and right!

Crime is on the rise, and it sucks!

You lowly Pirate! Always making life difficult for good citizens.

There are some things you just shouldn't do.

Calm down now, citizen.

Stick to the space lane, or you risk running into pirates.

There is no escape from the law!

This is not a rich system, we have to get by with the ships we have.

Our militia is not much, but we can still do our share to fight piracy.

Don't think about messing with my ship, you criminal scum.

You aren't the sharpest tool in the shed, are you?

What is it that you're trying to say?

Is it a smuggler, flown off normal space lanes?  Maybe a bad smuggler with illegal contraband.

Sorry citizen, my nav console was damaged by a pirate. Could you tell me where I am?

Too close to the smuggler base we just discovered; prepare to be boarded and searched for contraband.

In the upper northern quadrant of the far galaxy beta minor.

Too far away from home--go back to wherever you came from before I get a search warrant.

Towards the center of the beta minor galaxy's outer rim, idiot!

Not a chance criminal, your under arrest!

Sorry citizen... I don't know.

Here, you can use the readings from my nav computer... 

Stop! I have no quarrel with you!

Sorry about that! Weapon systems malfunction.

You're gonna need it, scumbag!

Docking operation complete. You're free of the docking clamps.

You are not in the docking clamps. Move into one of the white guide boxes and try to dock again.

Docking operation begun; press 0 to step into our starship.

You are not authorized to land here!

Clearance code acknowledged; move into the landing pattern and dock at the white indicators.

Unable to comply.

Acknowledged.

Prepare To Be Searched. Maintain Speed and Course.

No contraband detected: You may proceed.

Contraband detected! All units close And engage!

Your course is deviating. Maintain course!

Request Clearance To Land.

The militia wipes another traitor from space."

Surrender now and you'll get a good plea bargain!

Militia unit requesting assistance!

It appears we have something in common, privateer.  My name may be on your list, but now your name is on mine.